---
title: Welcome to by blog
description: First blog post that outlines my plans and wishlist for this blog
publishDate: 2026-06-13
---

Hello and welcome to my blog. In this first post I would like to outline to you, but mostly for myself, what I want for
this blog.

I've been wanting to write a blog for as long as I can remember but I've never known what to write about. Since a short
while I have been getting into app development with a [solid-js](https://solidjs.com/) and
[@tanstack/solid-start](https://tanstack.com/start/v0/docs/framework/solid/overview) stack. I've been enjoying this
strugle a lot and since I've mainly been bothering my wife with this she figured I might as well start writing online.

## Goals

These goals aren't all that set in stone. It's more for myself to have something to work towards.

The first version of this article was just a list of bullet points outlining my goals and a simple wishlist of technical
stuff. My first and formost goals is to stop writing bullet lists! I haven't found my own writing style yet, but I do
like it when stuff relates to a real-world situation in some form. So let's try that for a while.

In order to motivate myself to make scheduled posts I don't want to restrict myself to topics. One week will involve a
lot of app development, another will be mostly devops/infra work. I might even post about more outdoorsy stuff, like
hiking or biking. As long as I try to avoid bullet lists.

## Metrics

Goals cannot exist in a vacuum, they have to be measured. That's where the metrics will come in. Seeing how most of the
stuff on this blog will also involve freedom from big-tech and privacy I want my metrics to be open and transparent as
well. Currently I am using [plausible](https://stats.strooware.nl/strootje.com) as a metrics platform, hosted on VPS. If
you are reading this please check it out, if you're not the **only** visitor send me a screenshot on
[bluesky @strootje.com](https://bsky.app/profile/strootje.com)

Now for the arbitrairy goals. It would be amazing to get **1000 monthly readers** at some point. Maybe **10 newsletter
subscribers** and find a way for **people to interact with these posts** via atproto.

## Wishlist

### 1. A plugin like better-auth

I love what better-auth has done for the web space. It's made auth simple to implement and use for people who want to
have their data in their own control.

- Simple installable as a package into your project. Use the provided setup and you get a fully typed client-side api to
  fetch posts, media, newsletters and dashboard data
- Bring your own components/pages/admin

### 2. Social publishing

I've been reading a lot about the [atmosphere](https://atproto.com/) and all the different apps based on it.

- I would like to adhere to the [website standard](https://standard.site/) for publishing. This way it would be very
  easy for people to discover my content and interact with it.
- At some point people should be able to leave comments or interactions via their bluesky accounts.
- Allow for guest writers via the atmosphere to publish to my blog

### 3. Ghost model

Quality content should be rewarded. And my goal is definitly to work towards quality content. I like the model that
[Ghost.org](https://ghost.org/) is promoting where you get newsletters and subscriptions included

- Publish a newsletter from the posts created on this blog
- Integrate (via a plugin) with the CMS plugin
- Allow users to subscribe (for support, for early access to content, for unique subscriber only posts)

## In closing

With all of this said, thanks for reading my first post. Feel free to reach out to me via
[bluesky @strootje.com](https://bsky.app/profile/strootje.com), any and all feedback is welcome.
